# Topics for the meeting:
1. PGC development state
2. WebRTC support [SkyzohKey]
3. Capabilities (features, backward compatibility, implementation) [kurnevsky]
4. Define process for protocol changes [sudden6]
5. Discuss IRC syncing features and groupbot replacement [sudden6]
6. Rust toxcore [hugbubby]
7. Dev recruitment [hugbubby]
8. Meetings schedule [hugbubby]
9. [Online after many minutes bug](https://github.com/TokTok/c-toxcore/issues/904) [hugbubby]

